From flonesaw@longship.net (Arne Flones)  Fri Sep 29 16:06:29 2000

-------- FAQ Entry ---------------------
FAQ: How do I integrate Xtend and HeyU so they work together?

Answer:

This assumes you have followed the instructions to compile and install
the latest version of heyu.  You should also onfigure Heyu per the
instructions in the man pages.

   man x10config
   man x10sched

Until Dave Shaw updates his Xtend source code, only the version on the
Heyu Web site will work.  You can get it here:
   <a href="http://heyu.tanj.com/beta/xtend-1.2beta4.local.tgz">xtend-1.2beta4.local.tgz</a>

Expand the tarball:

    tar xvzf /my/download-location/xtend-1.2beta4.local.tgz

Go to the xtend-1.2beta4.local directory and configure, compile and
install Xtend:

   cd xtend-1.2beta4.local
   ./configure
   make
   make install

Now edit your .xtendrc file in your home directory.

To make Xtend work with Heyu, you *must* configure Xtend to read
information from Heyu's data file at /var/tmp/heyu.out, *not* from the
serial port.  Comment out the "Port /dev/ttyS0" line in .xtendrc and
uncomment the line that has "File /var/tmp/heyu.out".

If you use version 1.34 or higher, you need to add the port name to the
end of the line so it looks like File /var/tmp/heyu.outttyS0.  Version
1.34 can handle multiple CM11s.

Make your other changes to .xtendrc for your particular X10
configuration.

Before starting the Xtend daemon you must start the heyu_relay
daemon.  To do this run the command:

   heyu info

This will provide a status update to make sure that heyu is running
properly.  You can verify that the Heyu daemon is running with the
following command:

   ps ax | grep heyu

You should see something like this:

   3552  ttyS0   S    0:00  heyu_relay o
   3569  tty1    S    0:00  grep heyu

The first line indicates that the daemon is running.

Now run the Xtend daemon.

    xtend &

You should be in business.

-------End of FAQ entry---------------

Something like this sure would be helpful to those unfamiliar with
your software.

After an evening of trying different versions of Xtend I figured
everything out by trial and error after error (with and without your
patch file).  Things look fine for me now.  Xtend and HeyU are
plunking right along.

Maybe this all begs the question as to why you two don't integrate the
two programs into one.  The sum of the two would certainly be a much
more robust product.

By the way, I am running this on my StrongARM-based NetWinder.  You
can add that platform on your list of compatibles.  Pretty cool
actually.

Thank you, both of you, for your great software.


Regards,

flonesaw@longship.net


